# CS 1430 Project 3
This will be a heuristic evaluation of `hackernews.com`, a "social news" (external links and related discussion) website focusing on tech, programming, and in particular tech entrepreneurship. Hacker News is an arm of Y Combinator, a prominent tech venture capital firm/startup incubator.

I chose Hacker News because I use it to stay up-to-date on the state of the tech industry. I'm also a personal fan of Paul Graham, its founder, who's a Pittsburgh-area native-- he's an incredible essayist, and I agree with the vast majority of his essays and admire his writing skills and style, even if I disagree with what his firm chooses to invest in.

Apologies for not using Google Drive/Docs/etc, as preferred: I'm trying to get this overdue project in ASAP, which (for me) entails using my preferred, terminal-based workflow for prose writing, where I use a plaintext (rather than Rich Text like Google Docs or Word) editor to write my prose in Markdown source files and a program called `pandoc` to compile them to LaTeX and then the PDF document and slideshow present here. I understand the motivation behind the Google Drive ecosystem to be to ensure that students don't use Generative AI to do their work for them, so I'll be committing and pushing my changes to this GitHub (https://github.com/christianbolinas/heuristic-eval/) to show my incremental progress, like Google Docs would. I additionally hope that my authentic, honest prose shows that I don't use AI for schoolwork, here or otherwise. Thanks for your understanding.
